Updated Docs related to Organization Specific REST API Routing (#7)
wso2/docs-ciam-cloud: en/docs/references/org-domains-urls.md

> # Organization Specific REST API Routing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Organization-Specific REST API Routing
```

## Organization URLs

> As a part of the B2B Organization Management feature, incorporated the organization identifier as first-class support for the URLs by introducing a path param to denote the specific organization to which the request should be directed to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Management Console URL in the WSO2 CIAM Cloud contains a path parameter to identify the organization. This denotes the specific organization to which requests should be routed.
```

URL format - `o/{organization id}/…`

> Organization-specific routing capability is introduced. Here we are supporting both Basic Authentication and OAuth 2.0 flows.

Reviewer: Organization-specific routing in WSO2 CIAM Cloud supports both basic authentication and OAuth 2.0 flows as explained below.

## Basic Authentication

> The `BasicAuthenticationHandler` has also been improved to handle authentication when the username has the organization domain(id) appended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `BasicAuthenticationHandler` has been improved to handle authentication when the username has the organization domain(id) appended.
```

> Run the cURL command given below to get the organization list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, consider the following request to get the organization list.
```

``` java
curl GET 'https://localhost:9443/o/<org-id>/api/server/v1/organizations' \
--header 'accept: application/json' \
--header 'Authorization: Basic [Base64encode(Username>:<Password>)]'
```

> The current behavior in BasicAuthenticationHandler is that if the username doesn't have the organization domain, the user is authenticated against the super organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the username in the `BasicAuthenticationHandler` doesn't have the organization domain, the user is authenticated against the super organization.
```

It was decided to improve the authentication logic as given below.

<img src="../../../assets/img/references/organization-specific-rest-api-routing/improved_basicauthenticationhandler.png" alt="Improved BasicaAthenticationHandler" width="700">

> -   If the username doesn't have the organization domain, the user is authenticated against the `/o/<org>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the username doesn't have the organization domain, the user is authenticated against `/o/<org>`. Otherwise, you can retrieve the organization domain from the username (note the break with the last `@` in the username) and authenticate the user against that organization.
```

> -   Else retrieve the organization domain from the username (break from the last @ in the username) and authenticate the user against that organization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Assume that mary is a user of orgA and she creates orgB as a child of orgA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, assume that Mary is a user of `orgA` and she creates `orgB` as a child of `orgA`.
```

-   `/o/<orgA domain>/....` -> `mary@<orgA domain>` (authentication happens against orgA)
-   `/o/<orgA domain>/....` -> `mary` (authentication happens against orgA)
-   `/o/<orgB domain>/....` -> `mary@<orgA domain>` (authentication happens against orgA)
-   `/o/<orgB domain>/....` -> `mary` (authentication happens against orgB. hence will result in a failure)
-   `/o/<orgB domain>/....` -> `mary@<orgB domain>` (authentication happens against orgB. hence will result in a failure)

## OAuth 2.0 Basic Flow 

<img src="../../../assets/img/references/organization-specific-rest-api-routing/oauth2_basic_flow.png" alt="OAuth 2 Basic Flow" width="700">

> Here we can have several [OAuth2 grant types](https://is.docs.wso2.com/en/latest/learn/oauth-2.0-with-wso2-playground/) like code grant, implicit grant etc. to get access token for Organization A or Organization B accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use several [OAuth2 grant types](https://is.docs.wso2.com/en/latest/learn/oauth-2.0-with-wso2-playground/) to get access tokens for each organization.
```

With these grant types, we can use `o/<path>` routing for authorization.

> -   Access Token for Organization A - /o/<orgA domain>/token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Access Token for OrgA: `/o/<orgA domain>/token`
```

> -   This access token can be used only for the resources related to Organization A.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   This access token can be used only for the resources related to OrgA.
```

> -   But if needed to access the resources of the Organization B, will have to get the access token for organization B as well (`/o/<orgB domain>/token`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   To access the resources of OrgB, you need to get the access token for OrgB as well: `/o/{orgB domain}/token`.
```

## Organization Switch Grant

<img src="../../../assets/img/references/organization-specific-rest-api-routing/organization_switch_grant.png" alt="Organization Switch Grant" width="700">

Run the cURL command given below for the organization switch grant.

``` java
curl POST 'https://SERVERHOST:9443/oauth2/token' \
--header 'Authorization: Basic [Base64encode(Client-ID>:<ClientSecret>)]' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded' \
--data-urlencode 'grant_type=organization_switch' \
--data-urlencode 'token=<token>' \
--data-urlencode 'scope=<scopes>' \
--data-urlencode 'switching_organization=<organization-id>'
```

!!! Example
    ```java
    curl POST 'https://localhost:9443/oauth2/token' \
    --header 'Authorization: Basic e3tjbGllbnRfaWR9fTp7e2NsaWVudF9zZWNyZXR9fQ==' \
    --header 'Content-Type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded' \
    --data-urlencode 'grant_type=organization_switch' \
    --data-urlencode 'token=88d53666-be5a-3ec1-a8d5-c0ef9f3614c7' \
    --data-urlencode 'scope=openid+SYSTEM' \
    --data-urlencode 'switching_organization=3bbea6c7-b428-4d95-bf48-8ff2d421c0c6'
    ```

> For the solution for the above issue we faced during OAuth 2.0 flow, where we needs to access the resources of another organization. Therefore we have used a customized grant called, organzation_switch, where we can use that token for the authorization of another orgnaization resources.

Reviewer: What's the problem we are discussing here?

Author: Will explain this part more.
